pxe saltboot params (#452)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-formulas.adoc

. Navigate to the menu:Formulas[Pxe] tab, and set these parameters:
* In the [guimenu]``Kernel filename`` field, keep the default value.
* In the [guimenu]``Initrd filename`` field, keep the default value.
* In the [guimenu]``Kernel command line parameters`` field, keep the default value.
For more information about possible values, see <<retail.sect.formulas.pxe.kernelparams>>.
* In the [guimenu]``PXE root directory`` field, enter the path to the saltboot directory (for example, [systemitem]``/srv/saltboot``).
* In the [guimenu]``Branch id`` field, type a name to use as a branch identifier (for example: [systemitem]``Branch0001``).
Use only alphanumeric characters for the branch identifier.
. Click [btn]``Save Formula`` to save your configuration
. Apply the highstate.

[[retail.sect.formulas.pxe.kernelparams]]
=== Kernel Command Line Parameters
Saltboot supports common kernel parameters and saltboot-specific kernel parameters.
All the parameters can be entered in the [guimenu]``Kernel Command Line Parameters`` field of the PXE formula.

[systemitem]``kiwidebug=1``::

> starts a shell on tty2 during boot and enables debug log level in Salt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starts a shell on tty2 during boot and enables debug log level in Salt.
```

> Starts a shell on tty2 during boot and enables debug log level in Salt.

Reviewer 2: Please add a warning that this should be used only in development environment and **must** not be used in production as it creates a major security hole.

Author: I'm going to add such a warning.

[systemitem]``MASTER``::

> overrides the Salt master autodetection; for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides auto-detection of the Salt master. For example:
```

+
----
MASTER=myproxy.domain.com
----

[systemitem]``SALT_TIMEOUT``::

> fallback to the local boot if the Salt master does not apply the saltboot state within this timeout (default: 60s); for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fall back to the local boot if the Salt master does not apply the saltboot state within this timeout (default: 60 seconds). For example:
```

"Fall back" is a verb, "fallback" is an adjective.

Author: yes ;)  But in German we glue it together nevertheless.  But there are many other subtle differences :)

> Fall back to the local boot if the Salt master does not apply the saltboot state within this timeout (default: 60 seconds). For example:

Reviewer 2: Not to confuse customers, this timeout is always active and by default is 60s. This option can override this 60s default.
I would rephrase it like

`Override local boot fallback timeout if Salt master does not apply the saltboot state within this timeout (default: 60 seconds).`

Author: ok

+
----
SALT_TIMEOUT=300
----

// see https://bugzilla.suse.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1111348#c3
[systemitem]``DISABLE_HOSTNAME_ID`` and [systemitem]``DISABLE_UNIQUE_SUFFIX``::

> Option for manipulating the names of the terminals.

Reviewer 2: `DISABLE_UNIQUE_SUFFIX`

Setting this option to 1 disables adding random generated suffix to terminal minion id.

Please make sure your terminal has either unique hostname provided by dhcp and dns or terminal hardware comes with unique serial number stored in its SMBios memory.
Otherwise there is a risk of terminal minion id duplicity and failure to bootstrap the minion.

`DISABLE_HOSTNAME_ID`

If terminal has a hostname assigned by DHCP, it is by default used as a minion id. Setting this option to 1 disables this mechanism and SMBios information will be used as a minion id.

Author: ok

> [systemitem]``MINION_ID_PREFIX``::

Reviewer 2: Please note that these three (`MINION_ID_PREFIX`, `salt_device`, `root`) are usually autoconfigured and should be used only in specific conditions, usually during debugging/development.

Author: ok

Branch ID set in the PXE formula form.

[systemitem]``salt_device``

> device that contains the salt configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device that contains the salt configuration.
```

[systemitem]``root``

> device that contains the already deployed root filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Device that contains the already deployed root filesystem.
```

> It is used for the fallback to local boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used for the fall back to local boot.
```

Author: Hmm, @Loquacity .  Maybe, we'd better say in this case:

```Used for falling back to local boot.```
